Elige tres frases que quieras de estas
cinco y las transcribes en la comunidad.
First, the younger son, who wanted to
explore the world, took his share of the
estate and went to a distant country.
After he had spent everything, a severe
famine arose in that country, and the
younger son found himself in need.
He thought, I've got to return home.
How many of my father's hired servants
have food to spare, and here I am,
starving to death?
The father said to his servants, Quick,
bring the best robe and put it on him.
Bring the fattened calf and kill it.
Let's have a feast and celebrate.
The older brother became angry and
refused to go in.
So his father went out and pleaded with him.
All right, I wait for you.
Espero.
Let's go to the next one.
Haces la actividad y vamos a la siguiente.